# Open Radar Systems Simulation

ANTARES is an open-source, high-performance simulation platform for naval radar operations. RadarSimPy is a powerful and versatile Python-based Radar Simulator that models radar transceivers and simulates baseband data from point targets and 3D models. Its signal processing tools offer range/Doppler processing, direction of arrival estimation, and beamforming using various cutting-edge techniques, and you can even characterize radar detection using Swerling’s models. Whether you’re a beginner or an advanced user, RadarSimPy is the perfect tool for anyone looking to develop new radar technologies or expand their knowledge of radar systems. The Neural Radar Development Kit (NRDK) is an open-source and MIT-licensed Python library and framework for developing, training, and evaluating machine learning models on radar spectrum and multimodal sensor data. NEC2++ is a C++ rewrite of the Numerical Electromagnetics Code (NEC-2). Xnec2c is a high-performance multi-threaded electromagnetic simulation. xnec2c-optimize is an optimization framework to tune antenna geometries. Elmer is a tool that can solve a large number of partial differential equations making it an ideal tool for multiphysical problems. DOLFINx is the computational environment of FEniCSx. Palace, for PArallel LArge-scale Computational Electromagnetics, is an open-source, parallel finite element code for full-wave 3D electromagnetic simulations. Meep is a free and open-source software package for electromagnetics simulation. gprMax is an open source software that simulates electromagnetic wave propagation. Bempp-cl is an open-source boundary element method library that can be used to assemble all the standard integral kernels for Laplace, Helmholtz, modified Helmholtz, and Maxwell problems. OpenParEM is a free and open-source frequency-domain full-wave electromagnetic simulator. openEMS is a free and open electromagnetic field solver